[Music]
the psp was home to a range of
incredible fighting games with the likes
of tekken and street fighter players
were spoiled for choice when it came to
picking up something new adding to the
wealth of options was dragon ball z tag
team which looked to bring over the
success of the home console games to the
handheld like many fighting games
there's a selection of modes to get
stuck into but the most prominent being
dragon walker it serves as a way to go
through the entire dragon ball z story
with a player having to guide their
character through an open world map
while encountering enemies along the way
if i'm being honest this mode feels
pretty lackluster the storytelling is
choppy and don't be surprised if you
find a typo here and there of course the
main attraction is the fighting itself
the free range of movement and the
enormity of the stages wonderfully
recreates that dragon ball z feeling and
makes the up to four characters at once
battling manageable a simple lock-on
system allows players to keep tabs on
who they want through all of the
commotion and the psp simplified control
scheme makes recreating the series most
intense fights both easy and fun
presentation was amped up over the
previous psp title with the character
models featuring much more detail than
the plain old cell shaded style and the
environments and attacks were also given
a graphical overhaul perhaps what is
most impressive though is the series of
special attacks each of the characters
can perform the screen lights up in
style and presents some fantastic
animation as each ability plays out if
you're a fan of dragon ball z and just
so happen to have a psp knocking about
this one is well worth picking up
[Music]
developed by big big studios and
originally released in europe as a psp
launch title pursue force is a game that
thrives on originality by mixing a
handful of exciting action game concepts
and executing them in style after crime
is overridden the capital city and the
forces of lore and order are no longer
capable of containing the mayhem a
special unit known as pursuit force is
created to counteract the threat as the
player you get to take on the pretty
hefty career mode that tasks you with
catching bad guys by utilizing a whole
range of tools to get the job done
everything is primarily split up into
missions from escorting to boss
encounters and on foot sections there's
a serious amount of variety to each of
them which really helps the gameplay
from becoming stale the most enjoyable
for myself with pursuits which sees you
tracking down the target and leaping
from your vehicle onto theirs in order
to take them down seeing all of this
play out on the handheld screen looks
absolutely incredible but what takes it
in the next level with the boss fights i
mentioned earlier pursuit force is a
game that is not afraid to challenge you
and will no doubt result in some sort of
thumbs and raised voices but the sense
of accomplishment more than outweighs
the difficulty of achieving it visually
pursue force impresses in terms of its
scope and its speed it's easily one of
the best looking games on the psp all of
the characters cars and environments
have a surprising amount of detail for a
portable game the animation is smooth
and the transitions between each one are
generally hiccup free overall pursuit
force is the real deal in terms of the
psp no pure action game is able to
compare it's an incredible achievement
that every psp owner should experience
[Music]
ever since its introduction on the
playstation 1 the siphon filter series
continued to evolve and refined what
made it so memorable in the first place
relentless stealth action gameplay now
logan's shadow is essentially an
expansion rather than a full-blown
sequel to the impressive dark mirror
that released a year prior the gameplay
is largely very similar with minor
tweaks here and there however the
production value clearly saw a boost
with more detailed and chaotic
environments for the player to explore
along with more interactive set pieces
that take the action to the next level
fans of dark mirror will know that its
most outstanding feature was that it
managed to fit all of the functionality
of a typical console shooter into a
handheld package without hindering the
gameplay in any way the controls in
logan's shadow are extremely complex but
once you get the hang of it you'll never
think twice about what to press or how
to perform something on the flight
visually logan's shadow really takes
advantage of the psp hardware offering
detailed character models diverse and
gorgeous environments complete with
stunning water effects and lifelike
animations grandiose explosions and fog
effects are abound and frequent use of
excellent lighting effects really create
a rich and believable world best of all
even with explosions gunfire and
multiple foes on screen the game never
suffers from any slowdown or framerate
issues not once there is no doubt that
logan's shadow is clearly one of the
greatest games on the psp the brilliant
control scheme and perfect gameplay it
offers is incredibly hard to topple
logan's shadow is the action game to get
if you own a psp
[Music]
starting out life way back in 1986
outrun laid the groundwork for the
racing genre and provided one of the
most popular ways to spend your time at
the arcades its simple premise with key
players coming back time and time again
which cemented it as one of the most
memorable games in the history of the
medium it plays like many of the other
arcade racers out there but adds a huge
emphasis upon drifting and timing into
the mix to create what is one of the
most enjoyable racing games on the psp
it offers a few choices when it comes to
play the most enjoyable of these has to
be the impress your girlfriend mode
which is just as highly amusing as it is
addictive think back to crazy taxi
remember how if the rider was more
thrilling you've got more money well in
this girlfriend mode she requests
certain things for you to do such as
weaving in and out of traffic drifting
through corners or actually hitting all
of the cars on the road racking up the
highest scores is so much fun and easily
the best way to play this game the other
option is kind of like what you would
consider the main play mode it's normal
races but for the most part you'll get
different cars and up to four different
difficulties that you need to work your
way through besides normal races though
you have drift contests and knockout
rounds which really help the overall
replay value of the game with over 30
different locations each race is varied
and interesting you'll find yourself
starting out by the coast working your
way through the city and its outskirts
and finally the mountains which all
bring a range of visual touches that add
a sense of believability to each race if
you're the type of player who loves
games that provide a quick pick up and
play mentality this one would make a
welcome addition to your collection
[Music]
long before the assassin's creed
franchise ran itself into the ground and
enjoyed a period of incredible games and
spin-offs that cemented it as one of the
greatest series of recent times
bloodline sees you once again filling
the role of altair in sketches in the
events that transpired after the first
game the assassins mortal enemies the
templars have established a base on
cyprus to recruit the locals to their
cause this naturally prompts altair to
take them out one by one and slowly
topple their influence in the area
altair has some very envious skills when
it comes to climbing and being able to
fall from very high places and not get
hurt you'll need to get to grips with
the controls rather quickly as you'll
find yourself scaling buildings in order
to synchronize and open up the world map
once you've found your target you're
given several options when it comes to
taking them down and this is where most
of the fun lies you can take the
stealthy route and cling to the rooftops
or run in like a madman and take them on
saw the sword unfortunately it just
never reaches the highs of the games
that came before it as the overall
gameplay just doesn't feel as responsive
due to the rather awkward controls but
for the purpose of this video when it
comes to visuals bloodlines is no doubt
one of the best looking games on the
system it looks like what the first game
in the series would be if it was ever
ported to the playstation 2 but even
with these limitations the graphics are
highly detailed with great looking
models and vistas that really show what
the psp was capable of overall
assassin's creed bloodlines is perfect
for portable standards and running
around in the world is pretty fluid even
if the controls were a bit janky
nevertheless i found sneaking around and
assassinating people very satisfying
it'll take you about six hours to finish
depending on your playstyle so don't
expect much in terms of replayability
but if you're a fan of the stealth genre
or the assassin's creed franchise as a
whole this one is well worth giving a go
there was no shortage of quality action
rpgs on the psp and one of my favorites
was fantasy star portable 2. if you're
at all familiar with the original
dreamcast games you'll know exactly what
to expect here the gameplay in obsessive
character building are once again the
main forces that drive it when you begin
you build your character from the ground
up using everything from their clothes
and accessories to the pitch and tone of
their voice now the gameplay doesn't
shine quite as brightly as the
customization though it isn't by any
means bad you control your creative
character and missions that generally
have you going from point a to point b
opening locks and slaying enemies along
the way like monster hunter this game is
all about finding the best items making
your character super strong and never
pausing to enjoy what you've got the
combat works well enough he feels lively
but only truly impresses during the
game's many boss fights some of the
bosses are truly nightmarish in their
difficulty that is until you go back
grind power up and return to triumph you
wouldn't truly expect such a small
online game to run smoothly but it's
there and undeniable even with a full
party of 4 and god knows how many
different weapons armors and faces to
load not to mention calculating so many
damage variables at once this game just
simply does not quit admittedly there is
a bit of a trade-off as there are a few
pop-in and draw distance issues but it's
nothing that takes away from the overall
quality of the presentation in short
fantasy style portable 2 is an excellent
game that will last you for hours on end
so if you're the type of player that
likes to get stuck into rpgs this one is
a solid choice
after the somewhat lackluster wipeout
fusion all eyes were on liverpool studio
to take the series back to its roots the
result was wipeout pure which more than
proved that there was still life in the
long-running series at its core the game
is a futuristic combat racer that pits
together several opponents across a wide
variety of stages and lets the mayhem
fall what really sets the game aside
from fusion though is its physics center
the last game had a very flat feel with
your ship being pretty much glued to the
track rather than having any real sense
that it was floating and it made for
some very stale races pure on the other
hand completely reimagined this aspect
with it feeling a lot more faithful to
the older games in the series now as you
would expect with most racing games
there's several modes to get stuck into
you've got single rates tournament and
finally zone the first two were pretty
self-explanatory but zone is something a
bit special and easily one of the most
enjoyable modes to try out the idea is
to simply direct the craft around the
track for as long as possible as it gets
faster and faster as time goes on once
you reach zones of around 40 to 50 you
really start to appreciate the speeds
that this game can reach and speed is
something pure has in abundance there's
a noticeable difference between all of
the different classes of ships which
means that there's a pretty steep
learning curve to overcome each time you
advance but upon mastering them i really
cannot describe how incredible it feels
to weave in and out of corners whilst
dodging missiles and racing to first
place one obvious mind-blowing aspect is
the game's beautiful and rich visuals i
was simply blown away by its graphical
capabilities and wipeout pure not only
features very colorful and large
environments but with all the frantic
action going on the game runs at a very
consistent and fluid frame rate as well
the tracks have great variation and it
shows what a competent developer can do
with limited power the superb track
designs and the less graphics make this
game simply irresistible but the fans of
the franchise that missed the old school
wipeout they loved so dearly wipeout
pure brought it back with a bang if
you're one of those fans make sure to
pick this up as you won't be
disappointed
[Music]
deadhead thread is easily one of the
most unique games that ever released for
the psp the player takes on the role of
fred newman a private detective who got
too deep into his last case and lost his
life in his head because of it your goal
is to investigate the grizzly details of
your demise and in doing so you'll
become acquainted with the dark forces
that are pulling the streams of your
town the aptly named hope falls now the
dialogue of deadhead fred is witty and
entertaining and these traits are
amplified by the quality of the voice
actors the story is clearly the star of
the show but thankfully the gameplay
more than measures up as well the basic
hook involves a selection of different
heads that the player can switch on the
flight there are eight different heads
in all and each one offers fred a new
way to play some heads are more suited
to dealing massive damage to foes whilst
others offer unparalleled agility in the
power of temporary flight their uses
extend far beyond trivial matters with
head switching playing a vital role in
many of the game's puzzles for example
if you need to douse out a fire you can
use the corpse head to suck up water
from a nearby fire hydrant and then blow
it out over the burning area now combat
is pretty solid and becomes far more
challenging as the game progresses the
speed and pace of each battle is more or
less up to the players that enemies are
generally cautious and while the ai
isn't as advanced to some other games
out there there are occasions where
you're mobbed by a group of enemies and
the difficulty raises significantly when
it comes to graphics deadhead thread
simply looks amazing on the psp may it
be the various subtle touches like the
liquid and fred's jarhead slush him
around as he moves or the generous range
of locations you'll find yourself
visiting to the group of characters that
make up the cast it's a game that just
oozes style if you've never got around
to playing it back in the day deadhead
fred is still well worth picking up and
giving a go
i've always been a huge fan of the ace
combat series and skies of deception on
the psp is without a doubt one of my
favorite entries as the player you've
taken to the skies in one of several
planes that are slowly dealt out over
the campaign as you would expect it's
all largely split up into a series of
missions that present a variety of
objectives to complete from standard
dogfights to precision bombing runs and
escorts the game constantly keeps the
player on their toes and demands an
understanding of the mechanics in play
control is generally straightforward and
won't take too long to pick up thanks to
the more arcady approach to the gameplay
once you're in disguise and encounter an
enemy the array of weaponry is a welcome
conclusion that further enhances your
options when it comes to taking them
down you've got standard weapons such as
guns and missiles as well as more exotic
weaponry like emps when it comes to
presentation skies of deception looks
really impressive on the small screen
each of the planes are lovingly detailed
as well as the world in which they
occupy small cities litter the landscape
which rise and fall to provide an
engaging space to do battling topping
this off for various weather effects and
times of day that add a distinct
atmosphere to each mission and together
with the music it makes for some pretty
tense action on the whole ace combat
skies of deception is a compelling game
with enough variety to invite multiple
replays it's a serious amount of content
admittedly the difficulty can be
frustrating but gameplay is addictive
enough for that one more try and one
more mission feeling it's hands down one
of my favorite games on the system and i
cannot recommend it enough
[Music]
kingdom of paradise is a pretty unique
action rpg that all centers around
martial arts and sword fighter it takes
place in ancient china and depicts the
struggle between five separate clans
fighting for power over the region as
the player you take on the role of a
young man named shimbu who sets out to
retrieve a series of magical swords
which are told to bring with them
incredible powers now like many other
action rpgs you can expect to find
yourself traveling a vast kingdom and
interacting with a cast of npcs which
all add a real weight to the narrative
that unfolds the way kingdom of paradise
truly comes alive is when in battle the
whole system relies upon a selection of
scrolls that can be located throughout
the world the more you collect the more
intricate your combos become which opens
up a generous amount of ways to approach
the enemy on top of this a pretty
extensive magic system is included as
well which manages to spice up the
battles even further with elemental
based attacks as well as defensive
options when the odds are stacked
against you of course with the wealth of
fighting options and scrolls available
it translates to a serious amount of
replay value which will keep you playing
for quite some time to come visually
kingdom of paradise is vibrant and
beautiful every scene explodes with
detail and color of each respective area
and the character models are very well
done especially the realistic facial
animations which look incredible on the
small screen if you're on the lookout
for a great rpg to jump into kingdom of
paradise would make for a solid choice
well that does it for today's video keep
an eye out for part 4 as that will be
coming up soon so don't forget to
subscribe and hit that bell to get
notified about new video you can follow
me on all of the socials to stay up to
date and also join the growing community
on discord to meet many like-minded
gamers to continue the conversation with
i'd like to give a special shout out to
my patreon supporters rhino skill gym
nano steve richard amy daniel paul quinn
dio alex pierre carl strider and paddy j
for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible if you're
interested in joining my discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
for as little as one dollar per month
you'll find the links in the description
as always thanks for taking the time to
watch the video i'll catch you in the
next one
[Music]